Updates to KES docs for config reference (#48)
minio/kes-docs: content/integrations/azure-keyvault.md

>    Use the following command to allow KES to use the mlock syscall without running with `root` privileges:

Reviewer: Maybe? My 30 second survey of common usage is inconsistent, but this is sometimes noted as a function: mlock(). Perhaps inline code is appropriate. 
```suggestion
   Use the following command to allow KES to use the `mlock` syscall without running with `root` privileges:
```

Author: agree

   ```sh
   sudo setcap cap_ipc_lock=+ep $(readlink -f $(which kes))
   ```

   Start a KES server instance with memory protection:
   
   ```sh {.copy}
   kes server --config config.yml --auth off --mlock
   ```
   {{< /admonition >}}

   {{< /tab >}}

   {{< tab "Containers" >}}

   The instructions use [Podman](https://podman.io/) to manage the containers.

>    You can accomplish similar with Docker, if preferred.

Reviewer: I'm unclear how much the same Docker instructions would be, but maybe something like:
```suggestion
   The following instructions use [Podman](https://podman.io/) to manage the containers.
   You can also use Docker.
```

Author: done

   Modify addresses and file paths as needed for your deployment.

   ```sh {.copy}
   sudo podman pod create  \
     -p 9000:9000 -p 9001:9001 -p 7373:7373  \
     -v ~/minio-kes-azure/certs:/certs  \
     -v ~/minio-kes-azure/minio:/mnt/minio  \
     -v ~/minio-kes-azure/config:/etc/default/  \
     -n minio-kes-azure
   
   sudo podman run -dt  \
     --cap-add IPC_LOCK  \
     --name kes-server  \
     --pod "minio-kes-azure"  \
     -e KES_SERVER=https://127.0.0.1:7373  \
     -e KES_CLIENT_KEY=/certs/kes-server.key  \
     -e KES_CLIENT_CERT=/certs/kes-server.cert  \
     quay.io/minio/kes:2024-01-11T13-09-29Z server  \
       --auth  \
       --config=/etc/default/kes-config.yaml  \
   
   sudo podman run -dt  \
     --name minio-server  \
     --pod "minio-kes-azure"  \
     -e "MINIO_CONFIG_ENV_FILE=/etc/default/minio"  \
     quay.io/minio/minio:RELEASE.2024-01-31T20-20-33Z server  \
       --console-address ":9001"
   ```

   You can verify the status of the containers using the following command.

>    The command should show three pods, one for hte Pod, one for KES, and one for MinIO.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The command should show three pods, one for the Pod, one for KES, and one for MinIO.
```

Author: nice catch

| `keys`                        | Specify an array of keys which *must* exist on the root KMS for KES to successfully start. KES attempts to create the keys if they do not exist and exits with an error if it fails to create one or more key. KES does not accept any client requests until it completes validation of all specified keys.|
| `cache`                       | Specify expiration of cached keys in `#d#h#m#s` format. Unexpired keys may be used in the event the KMS becomes temporarily unavailable. <br><br> Entries may be set for `any` key, `unused` keys, or `offline` keys. <br><br> If not set, KES uses values of `5m` for all keys, `20s` for unused keys, and `0s` for offline keys. |
| `log`                         | Enable or disable output for `error` and `audit` type logging events to the console. |
| `keystore.azure.keyvault.endpoint` | The KeyVault endpoint. For example, `https://my-instance.vault.azure.net`. |

> | `keystore.azure.keyvault.credentials.tenant_id` | The ID (UUID) of the tenant the client belongs used to authenticate to KeyVault. |

Reviewer: was it supposed to be this?
```suggestion
| `keystore.azure.keyvault.credentials.tenant_id` | The ID (UUID) of the tenant the client belongs to, used to authenticate to KeyVault. |
```

Author: 👍

   
   For example, create a key:

   ```sh {.copy}
   kes key create my-key-1
   ```
   
   Use the key to generate a new data encryption key:

   ```sh {.copy}
   kes key dek my-key-1
   ```

   The result resembles the following:
   ```sh
   {
     plaintext : UGgcVBgyQYwxKzve7UJNV5x8aTiPJFoR+s828reNjh0=
     ciphertext: eyJhZWFkIjoiQUVTLTI1Ni1HQ00tSE1BQy1TSEEtMjU2IiwiaWQiOiIxMTc1ZjJjNDMyMjNjNjNmNjY1MDk5ZDExNmU3Yzc4NCIsIml2IjoiVHBtbHpWTDh5a2t4VVREV1RSTU5Tdz09Iiwibm9uY2UiOiJkeGl0R3A3bFB6S21rTE5HIiwiYnl0ZXMiOiJaaWdobEZrTUFuVVBWSG0wZDhSYUNBY3pnRWRsQzJqWFhCK1YxaWl2MXdnYjhBRytuTWx0Y3BGK0RtV1VoNkZaIn0=
   }
   ```
   
## Using KES with a MinIO Server

> MinIO Server requires KES to set up server-side data encryption.

Reviewer: Another "set up" that might be clearer as "enable"

Author: fixed throughout

See the [KES for MinIO instruction guide]({{< relref "/tutorials/kes-for-minio.md" >}}) for additional steps needed to use your new KES Server with a MinIO Server.

## Configuration References

> The following section describes each of the Key Encryption Service (KES) configuration settings for using AWS Secrets Manager and AWS Key Management System as the root KMS for Server Side Encryption with KES.

Reviewer: Same possible rewrite option as the one in aws-secrets-manager.md, should you choose to use that

Reviewer: Looks like this file has the same(ish) info as aws-secrets-manager.md and others, so pretend I added the same comments. In any case, whatever you decide to do in the other locations should match here.

Author: Had to fix throughout, because all the integration pages said they were for using AWS as the keystore! 🙃

| `keys`                        | Specify an array of keys which *must* exist on the root KMS for KES to successfully start. KES attempts to create the keys if they do not exist and exits with an error if it fails to create any key. KES does not accept any client requests until it completes validation of all specified keys.|
| `cache`                       | Specify expiration of cached keys in `#d#h#m#s` format. Unexpired keys may be used in the event the KMS becomes temporarily unavailable. <br><br> Entries may be set for `any` key, `unused` keys, or `offline` keys. <br><br> If not set, KES uses values of `5m` for all keys, `20s` for unused keys, and `0s` for offline keys. |
| `log`                         | Enable or disable output for `error` and `audit` type logging events to the console. |
| `keystore.azure.keyvault.endpoint` | The KeyVault endpoint. For example, `https://my-instance.vault.azure.net`. |

> | `keystore.azure.keyvault.credentials.tenant_id` | The ID of the tenant the client belongs to to use to authenticate to KeyVault, that is a UUID. |

Reviewer: perhaps this shorter one works?
```suggestion
| `keystore.azure.keyvault.credentials.tenant_id` | The ID (UUID) of the tenant the client belongs to, used to authenticate to KeyVault.
```

If so, they all could do `The ID (UUID)` as well

Author: Yeah, taking it for all of them.
